pixels/docs/overview.md, before:

<h2 style="color: var(--burple);font-weight: 600;">Introduction</h2>

The core idea of Pixels is to have a collaborative canvas, where users paint pixel by pixel, by POSTing co-ordinates and a colour code to an API.

Our main goal for this project is to focus on it being a learning tool, for users who may not have previous experience with APIs.

With that said however, users of all experience levels are both welcome and encouraged to join in with the event!

<h2 style="color: var(--burple);font-weight: 600;">In-server</h2>

There are two channels within [Python Discord](https://discord.gg/python) related to this event:
<h3 style="color: var(--burple);font-weight: 600;">#pixels-discussion</h3>
This channel is for the main dicussion channel for all things Pixels! Find a team, discuss the current state of the canvas, ask for help setting up a script!

<h3 style="color: var(--burple);font-weight: 600;">#pixels-hook</h3>
This channel will relay the current state of the canvas every minute. This is where your work is shown off to other users, whether they're participating or not!

<h2 style="color: var(--burple);font-weight: 600;">A couple of prerequisites:</h2>

- The current API base location is at `https://pixels.pythondiscord.com`
- You will need the `requests` and `python-dotenv` modules to follow this guide.
    - Windows: `pip install requests python-dotenv`
    - Linux/Mac: `pip3 install requests python-dotenv`

A large asset to you while making API requests will be the [requests library documentation](https://docs.python-requests.org/en/master/).

<h2 style="color: var(--burple);font-weight: 600;">Authenticating with the API</h2>

API authentication is done using a bearer token in the `Authorization` header of requests made to the API. To obtain a bearer token for yourself, head to https://pixels.pythondiscord.com/authorize and follow the Discord OAuth flow.

Next, you'll want to keep that token safe in your preferred way of storing secrets. If you haven't dealt with storing secrets before you can utilise the widely used `.env` format.

Here's a brief example of how you can load your token from a `.env` file:

In a file named `.env`:
```
TOKEN='your_token_here'
```

In your main Python file:
```py
from dotenv import load_dotenv
from os import getenv

load_dotenv(".env")

token = getenv("TOKEN")
```

Note: you will need the `python-dotenv` (`pip install python-dotenv`) module installed so that you can use `load_dotenv`.

<h2 style="color: var(--burple);font-weight: 600;">Making a request</h2>

For this example we'll use the `/set_pixel` endpoint to set a specific pixel on the canvas. Firstly we want to import our HTTP library, for now we'll use the `requests` (`pip install requests`) library.

Let's start off with the `.env` token loading code we already have as a baseline:

```py
from dotenv import load_dotenv
from os import getenv

load_dotenv(".env")

token = getenv("TOKEN")
```

What we need to do now is import the requests library so that we can make requests, so we'll add that to the other imports at the top:

```py
from dotenv import load_dotenv
from os import getenv
import requests
```

From now on assume all code is below the `token = getenv("TOKEN")` line. We next need to create the authorization header for making API requests. We'll simply create a dict like the following:

```py
headers = {"Authorization": f"Bearer {token}"}
```

Next, we will create the actual data we're going to send to the API, in this case we will set the pixel at `(123, 12)` to the hex value `0x87CEEB`:

```py
data = {
    "x": 123,
    "y": 12,
    "rgb": "87CEEB",
}
```

Finally, we can make the API request itself, for which we'll need to use the `post` method of requests:

```py
result = requests.post("https://pixels.pythondiscord.com/set_pixel", json=data, headers=headers)
```

This code will create an HTTP POST request to `https://pixels.pythondiscord.com/set_pixel` with the authorization header `Bearer {the_token}` to set the pixel at `(123, 12)` to the hex value `0x87CEEB`, and store the result in the `result` variable.

To check that the request went through correctly we'll print out the confirmation message that the API provides us with:

```py
print(result.json()["message"])
```

Which will print, in this case, `added pixel at x=123,y=12 of color 87CEEB`.

<h2 style="color: var(--burple);font-weight: 600;">Rate limits</h2>

To ensure that the person with the best internet connection cannot overthrow the board, we set up some rate limits that you have to respect.
We use headers to communicate our current ratelimit setup. For example:
```python
result = requests.get("http://pixels.pythondiscord.com/get_pixels", headers=headers)
print(result.headers)
```

We are interested in the last three headers, starting with `requests-`

```python
{
    ...,
    'requests-remaining': '4',
    'requests-limit': '5',
    'requests-reset': '10'
}
```

Here is the meaning how each header:
- `requests-remaining`: How many requests you are still allowed to do before waiting.
- `requests-limit`: How many requests you can do before waiting. This number doesn't depend on your current activity.
- `requests-reset`: How many seconds you must wait without sending a request before your remaining requests reset.

Do note that trying to send a request while `requests-remaining` will result in a cooldown phase, where you won't be able to send any request for a longer time than the normal cooldown period.
If for any reason this happens, you can check how long you have to still wait in the `cooldown-remaining` header.

We recommend you  respect rate limits as much as possible, as running into cooldowns will slow you down.
One possible setup would be to wait `requests-reset` seconds when `requests-remaining` reaches zero, but we won't give you any more hints! ![lemon_zipped](https://cdn.discordapp.com/emojis/762063569793318942.png?v=1&size=16)

Commit message:

Docs: add a note on token security

pixels/docs/overview.md, after:

<h2 style="color: var(--burple);font-weight: 600;">Introduction</h2>

The core idea of Pixels is to have a collaborative canvas, where users paint pixel by pixel, by POSTing co-ordinates and a colour code to an API.

Our main goal for this project is to focus on it being a learning tool, for users who may not have previous experience with APIs.

With that said however, users of all experience levels are both welcome and encouraged to join in with the event!

<h2 style="color: var(--burple);font-weight: 600;">In-server</h2>

There are two channels within [Python Discord](https://discord.gg/python) related to this event:
<h3 style="color: var(--burple);font-weight: 600;">#pixels-discussion</h3>
This channel is for the main dicussion channel for all things Pixels! Find a team, discuss the current state of the canvas, ask for help setting up a script!

<h3 style="color: var(--burple);font-weight: 600;">#pixels-hook</h3>
This channel will relay the current state of the canvas every minute. This is where your work is shown off to other users, whether they're participating or not!

<h2 style="color: var(--burple);font-weight: 600;">A couple of prerequisites:</h2>

- The current API base location is at `https://pixels.pythondiscord.com`
- You will need the `requests` and `python-dotenv` modules to follow this guide.
    - Windows: `pip install requests python-dotenv`
    - Linux/Mac: `pip3 install requests python-dotenv`

A large asset to you while making API requests will be the [requests library documentation](https://docs.python-requests.org/en/master/).

<h2 style="color: var(--burple);font-weight: 600;">Authenticating with the API</h2>

API authentication is done using a bearer token in the `Authorization` header of requests made to the API. To obtain a bearer token for yourself, head to https://pixels.pythondiscord.com/authorize and follow the Discord OAuth flow.

Important: your token is secret and shouldn't be shared with anyone! If you ever posted it in a public chat, please regenerate a new one using the same URL.

Next, you'll want to keep that token safe in your preferred way of storing secrets. If you haven't dealt with storing secrets before you can utilise the widely used `.env` format.

Here's a brief example of how you can load your token from a `.env` file:

In a file named `.env`:
```
TOKEN='your_token_here'
```

In your main Python file:
```py
from dotenv import load_dotenv
from os import getenv

load_dotenv(".env")

token = getenv("TOKEN")
```

Note: you will need the `python-dotenv` (`pip install python-dotenv`) module installed so that you can use `load_dotenv`.

<h2 style="color: var(--burple);font-weight: 600;">Making a request</h2>

For this example we'll use the `/set_pixel` endpoint to set a specific pixel on the canvas. Firstly we want to import our HTTP library, for now we'll use the `requests` (`pip install requests`) library.

Let's start off with the `.env` token loading code we already have as a baseline:

```py
from dotenv import load_dotenv
from os import getenv

load_dotenv(".env")

token = getenv("TOKEN")
```

What we need to do now is import the requests library so that we can make requests, so we'll add that to the other imports at the top:

```py
from dotenv import load_dotenv
from os import getenv
import requests
```

From now on assume all code is below the `token = getenv("TOKEN")` line. We next need to create the authorization header for making API requests. We'll simply create a dict like the following:

```py
headers = {"Authorization": f"Bearer {token}"}
```

Next, we will create the actual data we're going to send to the API, in this case we will set the pixel at `(123, 12)` to the hex value `0x87CEEB`:

```py
data = {
    "x": 123,
    "y": 12,
    "rgb": "87CEEB",
}
```

Finally, we can make the API request itself, for which we'll need to use the `post` method of requests:

```py
result = requests.post("https://pixels.pythondiscord.com/set_pixel", json=data, headers=headers)
```

This code will create an HTTP POST request to `https://pixels.pythondiscord.com/set_pixel` with the authorization header `Bearer {the_token}` to set the pixel at `(123, 12)` to the hex value `0x87CEEB`, and store the result in the `result` variable.

To check that the request went through correctly we'll print out the confirmation message that the API provides us with:

```py
print(result.json()["message"])
```

Which will print, in this case, `added pixel at x=123,y=12 of color 87CEEB`.

<h2 style="color: var(--burple);font-weight: 600;">Rate limits</h2>

To ensure that the person with the best internet connection cannot overthrow the board, we set up some rate limits that you have to respect.
We use headers to communicate our current ratelimit setup. For example:
```python
result = requests.get("http://pixels.pythondiscord.com/get_pixels", headers=headers)
print(result.headers)
```

We are interested in the last three headers, starting with `requests-`

```python
{
    ...,
    'requests-remaining': '4',
    'requests-limit': '5',
    'requests-reset': '10'
}
```

Here is the meaning how each header:
- `requests-remaining`: How many requests you are still allowed to do before waiting.
- `requests-limit`: How many requests you can do before waiting. This number doesn't depend on your current activity.
- `requests-reset`: How many seconds you must wait without sending a request before your remaining requests reset.

Do note that trying to send a request while `requests-remaining` will result in a cooldown phase, where you won't be able to send any request for a longer time than the normal cooldown period.
If for any reason this happens, you can check how long you have to still wait in the `cooldown-remaining` header.

We recommend you  respect rate limits as much as possible, as running into cooldowns will slow you down.
One possible setup would be to wait `requests-reset` seconds when `requests-remaining` reaches zero, but we won't give you any more hints! ![lemon_zipped](https://cdn.discordapp.com/emojis/762063569793318942.png?v=1&size=16)
